# ChatSquad

## Description

**ChatSquad** is a program where you can chat with different AI-based personalities inside a simple GUI.
The personalities are achieved using system messages injected into a GPT3.5 model.
There is also a simple memory system that can recall chat history so you can keep a natural conversation.
The profile image showing the personalities are generated by Dall-E.



## Content
1. [Installation](#Installation)
2. [Usage](#Usage)
3. [Contributions](#Contributions)
4. [License](#License)
5. [Contact information](#Contact information)

## Installation

Install and import the required libraries.
After that, just run it!

```python
import tkinter as tk
from tkinter import ttk, scrolledtext
import openai
import json
import os
from PIL import Image, ImageTk
import sys
from functions import *
import threading
import time
```

## Usage
Choose a personality and start chatting :)
You can clear the chat history manually at any time.
The history is automatically cleared when switching personality.

## Contributions

Right now this is a solo project and contributions are not actively sought.
However, if you find a bug or have a feature suggestion, please open an issue.

If you want to contribute, follow these steps:

1. Make your own fork.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/DinFeature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some function'`).
5. Push to your branch (`git push origin feature/DinFeature`).
6. Open a pull request.

**Please note that this project uses the GPT-4 Private License. You therefore need an API key to test any changes locally.**

## License

This project uses the OpenAI API to generate content. Input and output from the OpenAI API is governed by the [OpenAI Terms of Use](https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use). All other code and content within this project is under the MIT license.

## Contact information

David Thomander

[Mail](mailto:david@thomander.nu)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david.thomander)
